If you need to move a pivot table there two ways to do it so you can select to sell inside
your pivot table and then go to the anal ice tab on the ribbon,
and then you will have here a button that says,
Move,
pivot table.
So if you click on it,
it will give you the option to either move it in the existing worksheet somewhere.
So you specify another location in the existing worshipped,
or to move it to a new work ship.
And if you click OK for a new worksheet Excel creating you worksheet with your pivot table
moved into it all the way to the upper left corner.
Another way to move your pivot table is to select your pivot table,
and then here,
under the internalized tab on the ribbon,
you go to select and then entire pivot table,
and then you compress control an X on your keyboard for cut,
and then you can press control and the anywhere in your workbook to move it to that
location.
Control V for paste.
So this is how you can move your pivot table